# ProjectReed
Biometric Capture of fingerprints (Enrolment, Authentication, Identification and Verification) from a mobile device camera

Over the years, Biometrics fingerprint capture has been possible through the use of special peripherals called fingerprint scanners. These have been applied in several systems and industries where biometric capturing is of much importance. With birth of mobile technology, fingerprint scanners were incorporated into phones but they come with restrictions to acquire the actual image captured. The device enrols a fingerprint and saves it securely only to match against that fingerprint and return a result. This process seem adequate when authenticating the owner of the device but useless when trying to identify the device owner against an external national database using your mobile device. There also came the birth of mobile device peripherals that solve the original mobile biometric restriction but no one would like to spend an extra $100 just for the sake of fingerprint capture especially when you have a fingerprint sensor on your device, quite annoying i must say.

Now let me take you to the future, open your imagination and let creativity flow right through your intellect. What is the possibility of having your mobile camera as the ultimate biometrics capture device? I am not talking about face alone, I mean FACE, FINGER, PALM and IRIS. Capturing with an ABIS quality score above 95%, Segmentation, Standardization (ISO and ICAO) and Enrolment into any biometric system with any file format (WSQ, BMP, ANSI NIST, JPEG, PNG etc) all made possible by the click of a button using just your mobile device camera and AI.

I know what you are thinking, this is impossible but that's what we do at BIOSEC SOLUTIONS a Software Company based in Nigeria, we do the impossible and invent the future. Now its time to introduce "PROJECT REED" a biometrics capturing mobile application which uses your mobile device camera and Machine learning to produce the best biometrics images even in low light conditions (Complete Darkness). Project Reed was born out of the necessity for a biometric mobile solution that won't warrant you carrying an extra device than your mobile device and charger. Developed by a team of highly intelligent researchers and developers, Project Reed has been incorporated into several national applications developed by the company.
